thank you for purchasing their activity
sick Palestine ban toy from play school
this video will show you how to assemble
your child's new toy the sick crone
stanvan package includes two piece base
base connector drum pedal two-piece arch
jukebox three toys CDs 18 screws and the
instructions you will also need a
Phillips cross head screwdriver to begin
remove instructions into a parts from
the box and assemble the toy on a flat
surface remove and discard all packaging
materials from the toy connect right
base and left base using the base
connector next flip the base over insert
six screws and tighten
flip the bass back over and attach the
drum pedal press down until it snaps
into place
flip base again and answer three screws
and tighten
to connect the arches remove the sticker
from arch and connect the plug then
connect the two arches together you will
hear a click when they are in place
secure with screw attach the arch to the
base by placing the bottom of the arches
into corresponding recesses on the base
and press down until they snap into
place to fully secure flip the band over
and fastened with screws
lastly snap the jukebox into place and
then place the CDs onto corresponding
posts to play with your sick crawling
stanvan toy slide the switch from off to
either low or high now your baby is
ready to rock with the rock tippity
stick crossed and enjoy from play school